[Polish] Updated Polish WebP info (#4430)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/polish/_index.md

### WebP

> WebP is a modern image format providing superior lossless and lossy compression for images. WebP lossless images are approximately 26 percent smaller than PNGs, while lossy images are 25 to 34 percent smaller than JPEGs. WebP is supported in all browsers except for Internet Explorer, Safari on MacOS earlier than 11 (Big Sur), and KaiOS. You can learn more in our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/a-very-webp-new-year-from-cloudflare/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebP is a modern image format providing superior lossless and lossy compression for images. WebP lossless images are approximately 26 percent smaller than PNGs, while lossy images are 25 to 34 percent smaller than JPEGs. WebP is supported in all browsers except for Internet Explorer and KaiOS. Safari supports WebP from iOS 14 and MacOS 11 (Big Sur). You can learn more in our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/a-very-webp-new-year-from-cloudflare/).
```

> WebP is a modern image format providing superior lossless and lossy compression for images. WebP lossless images are approximately 26 percent smaller than PNGs, while lossy images are 25 to 34 percent smaller than JPEGs. WebP is supported in all browsers except for Internet Explorer, Safari on MacOS earlier than 11 (Big Sur), and KaiOS. You can learn more in our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/a-very-webp-new-year-from-cloudflare/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebP is a modern image format providing superior lossless and lossy compression for images. WebP lossless images are approximately 26 percent smaller than PNGs, while lossy images are 25 to 34 percent smaller than Safari supports WebP beginning with iOS 14 and MacOS 11 (Big Sur),  You can learn more in our [blog post](https://blog.cloudflare.com/a-very-webp-new-year-from-cloudflare/).
```
